well my name is Andy Johnson I'm a
beautiful boy in RV in Duluth Minnesota
and today I'd like to take a little bit
of time and do a video for you of our
brand new 2013 Winnebago adventure and
this is a 37 F first thing I want to
point out is this the beautiful body
paint as you can tell very attractive
paint job one piece glass windshield
really attractive really large chrome
mirrors and one thing I want to point
out is right up here is the side camera
and that's a color camera I also want to
point out the driver's door and you've
got nice usable steps look it out of the
way right here nice handle there and a
nice handle on the inside very usable
okay as we keep coming we've got some
side doors that open up I just want to
point out if there's a 125 cubic feet of
storage underneath really nice really
got that diesel feel to it and a gas
coach okay as you can see it's a full
wall slide you've got your dump valves
right here you've got your outside
shower right there and all your controls
22 and 1/2 inch tires with the aluminum
rims
one thing I want to point out it's quite
cold out here today this is a 50 amp
cord and it's really flexible and that's
a Winnebago that's one thing Winnebago
does very well so those cords are very
flexible okay then right here we've got
your phone and 5500 generator we've got
that running right now as we come around
the back we've got this beautiful back
cap you can see the camera up top color
camera ladder on the back as well
okay here's your second slide and then
you've got more storage your propane
tanks are right here okay then you've
got your outside TV it's a Samsung TV
and right above it you've got your power
awning just push a button and that
awning is metal wrapped up top to
protect it from the Sun and then what
we'll do is we'll hop right inside okay
a couple things I want to point out
since it's a Winnebago we've got a
fiberglass roof up top we've also got
all the metal underneath is all eat
coated to protect it in the winter
driving and it's got thermal pane
windows this coach has motor aides so as
you're on the road you've got hot water
and we're also right now running heat
off the engine to the whole coach
through the furnace ducting okay as you
can see tons of storage up top nice
ultra leather couch right here with seat
belts and these are there's there's pull
outs right here let me just take the
time to do it okay and then this is
power goes right down to a bed for you
nice thing is its dual control so if
somebody wants to use this as a recliner
and this person doesn't want to have it
recline they sure can okay next thing I
want to do is point out this chair ultra
leather chair obviously it's got the
recliner really really adds to the
living room
power shades up front nice workspace
right here for the laptop there's that
color camera right there then you can
see all the controls this coach has 306
miles on it right from the factory
nice ultra leather furniture and then
I'll just keep going this direction nice
storage up above this table does pull
out there's two standard chairs that
come with it that you can see then
there's two folding wood chairs that are
also coming with it and I'll just show
you it's got a nice window behind the TV
but when when you want to watch TV just
push a button you've got this forty inch
LCD that comes right up for you just a
really nice feature
okay now you've seen that I also want to
point out all the storage behind that
table okay as we go into the kitchen
corian countertops
Corian backsplash lots of storage I want
to point out with Winnebago you've got a
number right here so at this door if you
ever need to replace this in the future
you can just call that door into a
bullion RV and we would be able to order
that for you
convection microwave right here tons of
storage corian countertops right over
the stovetop as well and then you've got
the big four door fridge one thing I
want to point out is it has an icemaker
real nice feature to have okay now what
we'll do is I'll open this door and I'll
let you go right in the first of two
bathrooms
you've got the porcelain toilet with
plenty of knee room the corian counter
tops and as you can see the mirror and
then all the storage so that's the half
bath and then one important feature that
I don't want to miss is right here
got your stackable washer/dryer really
nice usable and with the stackable
you've got plenty of capacity now we'll
keep going we've got the closet with
lots of storage and it's a lip closet
and then one thing I'm always hearing
about storage and this drawer is just
huge really nice for all your storage
needs
you've got an LED TV right here full
extension doors right above here we'll
just just want to point out that fan
you've got a nice pocket door that
closes right here pulls right across and
then you've got the king-size bed this
is an ideal rest mattress so it's air
air on both sides so you control your
comfort and that is a king sized bed
next thing I want to do is I'll just get
out of the way so you can get right back
in there is you've got the master bath
you've got the big shower and you've got
the medicine cabinet which is huge you
got a big full height porcelain toilet
right there
just nice to have that big bathroom and
we'll just walk into the living room one
more time I just wanted to point out I
guess I just wanted to point out you got
the vinyl tile right here and then we
kind of this is a recliner as well so
you've got the ultra ultra leather
recliner right there
one thing I missed when we were outside
in the cold is there's a thousand watt
inverter and that inverter is wired
right to the bedroom so if you have
sleep apnea or to charge your cell phone
you can have that inverter charge and
things at night for you well as you can
see this venture has a very residential
feel to it if you have any questions
about this coach just give me a call my
name is Andy Johnson I'm at bullion RV
in beautiful Duluth Minnesota and you
can call or text me at two hundred three
nine one Andy thanks for watching this
video and I hope it helped you